some 98 Assam Oh sing to the Lord a new
some 98 Assam Oh sing to the Lord a new song for he has done marvelous things
song for he has done marvelous things
song for he has done marvelous things his right hand and his holy arm have
his right hand and his holy arm have
his right hand and his holy arm have gained him the victory the Lord has made
gained him the victory the Lord has made
gained him the victory the Lord has made known his salvation his righteousness he
known his salvation his righteousness he
known his salvation his righteousness he has revealed in the sight of the
has revealed in the sight of the
has revealed in the sight of the nation's he has remembered his mercy and
nation's he has remembered his mercy and
nation's he has remembered his mercy and his faithfulness to the house of Israel
his faithfulness to the house of Israel
his faithfulness to the house of Israel all the ends of the earth have seen the
all the ends of the earth have seen the
all the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God shout joyfully to
salvation of our God shout joyfully to
salvation of our God shout joyfully to the Lord all the earth break forth in
the Lord all the earth break forth in
the Lord all the earth break forth in song rejoice and sing praises sing to
song rejoice and sing praises sing to
song rejoice and sing praises sing to the Lord with the harp with the harp and
the Lord with the harp with the harp and
the Lord with the harp with the harp and the sound of a psalm with trumpets and
the sound of a psalm with trumpets and
the sound of a psalm with trumpets and the sound of a horn shout joyfully
the sound of a horn shout joyfully
the sound of a horn shout joyfully before the Lord the king let the sea
before the Lord the king let the sea
before the Lord the king let the sea roar and all its fullness the world and
roar and all its fullness the world and
roar and all its fullness the world and those who dwell in it let the rivers
those who dwell in it let the rivers
those who dwell in it let the rivers clap their hands let the hills be joyful
clap their hands let the hills be joyful
clap their hands let the hills be joyful together before the Lord for he is
together before the Lord for he is
together before the Lord for he is coming to judge the earth with
coming to judge the earth with
coming to judge the earth with righteousness he shall judge the world
righteousness he shall judge the world
righteousness he shall judge the world and the people's with equity
and the people's with equity
and the people's with equity you